README.md, before:

# Spring Boot Hello World #

## Summary ##

This is an example project to help you get bootstrapped with a Java **Spring MVC** project that also includes **Spring Boot**, and **Gradle**.

In addition to that, developer tools like **Docker** and **Docker-Compose** have been added to get you into the code right away and not worried about the environment you need to deploy to.

## Dependencies ##

* Git
* Java 8 JRE + JDK
* Gradle 4.4+
* Docker
* Docker-Compose
* Intellij IDEA (or another Java IDE or text editor)

## Getting Started ##

Open **Intellij IDEA** or your favorite IDE and import this project into the IDE as a **Gradle** project. Allow your IDE to download **Gradle** for you automatically and pull in the required sources specified in your `build.gradle`.

When you're ready to build you can use **Gradle** to execute `clean` and `build` commands through your IDE or do it through the command-line using the `gradlew` tool.

After you've built your application, it is time to run it. Execute the `run.sh` script in project root.

The project is now running and ready to be used with a Hello World message located at [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/).

Learn more about **Spring MVC** here:

[https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc-ann-requestmapping](https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc-ann-requestmapping)

## References ##

The inspiration for this project is extended from [Spring Boot Getting Started](https://spring.io/guides/gs/spring-boot/).

Commit message:

run.sh to build the application and install gradle if needed. updated readme

README.md, after:

# Spring Boot Hello World #

## Summary ##

This is an example project to help you get bootstrapped with a Java **Spring MVC** project that also includes **Spring Boot**, and **Gradle**.

In addition to that, developer tools like **Docker** and **Docker-Compose** have been added to get you into the code right away and not worried about the environment you need to deploy to.

## Dependencies ##

* Git
* Java 8 JRE + JDK
* Gradle 4.4+
* Docker
* Docker-Compose
* Intellij IDEA (or another Java IDE or text editor)

## Getting Started ##

### Open your IDE ###

Open **Intellij IDEA** or your favorite IDE and import this project into the IDE as a **Gradle** project. Allow your IDE to download **Gradle** for you automatically and pull in the required sources specified in your `build.gradle`.

### Build with Gradle ###

When you're ready to build you can use **Gradle** to execute `clean` and `build` commands through your IDE or do it through the command-line using the `gradle` tool.

### Run your Application ###

After you've built your application, it is time to run it. Execute the `run.sh` script in project root.

NOTE: You can also execute `./run.sh --build` in order to rebuild and run your project via script, rather than just run the existing binary.

### Testing ###

The project is now running and ready to be used with a Hello World message located at [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/).

## References ##

The inspiration for this project is extended from [Spring Boot Getting Started](https://spring.io/guides/gs/spring-boot/).

Learn more about **Spring MVC** here:

[https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc-ann-requestmapping](https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web.html#mvc-ann-requestmapping)
